docs(1.9.0): remove environment_check.sh (#1069)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/important-notes/_index.md

  - [Newly Introduced Functionalities since Longhorn v1.9.0](#newly-introduced-functionalities-since-longhorn-v190)
    - [Networking](#networking)

## Removal

### Remove Environment Check Script

> The environment check script (environment_check.sh) has been removed since v1.9.0 and replaced with the [Longhorn Command Line Tool](../advanced-resources/longhornctl/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment check script (`environment_check.sh`), which was deprecated in v1.7.0, has been removed from v1.9.0. Use the [Longhorn Command Line Tool](../advanced-resources/longhornctl/) to check the Longhorn environment for potential issues.
```
